docs/readme: clarify future scope of source files in doc folder (#536632)
NixOS/nixpkgs: doc/README.md

**For prose style, see the [documentation styleguide](./styleguide.md).**

### Document structure

Organize each chapter as guide sections first, then a single `## Reference` section.

A well-structured chapter looks like this:

````markdown
# Foo {#foo}

`foo` builds Foo projects from a `foo.toml`.

## Package a Foo application {#foo-packaging}

:::{.example #ex-foo-packaging}

# Package the hello app

```nix
{ foo }:
buildFooPackage {
  pname = "hello";
  version = "1.0";
}
```

:::

`buildFooPackage` needs `pname` and `version`.
Keep explanation short, and place it after the example.

## Reference {#foo-reference}

### `buildFooPackage` {#foo-buildFooPackage}

Builds a Foo application from source.

#### Inputs {#foo-buildFooPackage-inputs}

`pname` (String)
: The program name.

#### Examples {#foo-buildFooPackage-examples}

See [](#ex-foo-packaging).
````

> Examples lives in one place: the guide owns it and the reference links to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Examples live in one place: the guide owns them and the reference links to them.
```

> Guides introduce minimal working examples that are goal-oriented (typical usage)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Guides introduce minimal working examples that are goal-oriented (typical usage).
```
